{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2706
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation with this policy. The Personal Information that we collect are used for providing and improving the Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs28 \cf0 Information Collection and Use\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs24 \cf0 For a better experience while using our Service, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information, including but not limited to your name, phone number, and postal address. The information that we collect will be used to contact or identify you.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs28 \cf0 Log Data\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs24 \cf0 We want to inform you that whenever you visit our Service, we collect information that your browser sends to us that is called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol (\'93IP\'94) address, browser version, pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, and other statistics.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs28 \cf0 Security\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs24 \cf0 We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs28 \cf0 Changes to This Privacy Policy\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs24 \cf0 We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, we advise you to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately, after they are posted on this page.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs28 \cf0 Contact Us\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs24 \cf0 If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us.\
}